The story is about a car salesman. It starts in a small city in Iran. The story begins with a door being opened. The effect of alien contact on romance is a major part of the story.

The car salesman opens his door at night and finds a martian on the other side. The alien wants to buy a car. 

The alien is a three foot tall green slime one eyed alien.

Car looks stunning with the Martian inside which tempt the alien to buy it for sure.

The car sales man says that he is really sorry. He says that he ran out of cars beacuse of the sale he did 1 week ago.

The car the alien saw was just for show, and didn't have an engine. The alien said, "I'll be back in one week's time. Make sure the car is available by then."

A week has passed, the car salesman has imported the car that the three foot tall green slime one eyed alien had requested.

However, the three foot tall green slime one eyed alien did not appear, but instead a very beautiful young lady has entered the store.

She was a tall slender lady in a red dress.

It turns out that this young lady is the secretary of the three foot tall green slime one eyed alien and she is entrusted by her boss in handling the purchase and payment of the car.

The car salesman and the young lady's eyes met and the car salesman's heartbeat rate increased. It was love at first sight for the car salesman towards this young lady.

The salesman then ask the young lady on a date. She slaps him on the face and he gets super confused. She then explains to him that this is how they say "Yes" on her planet, Uranus. Even though she looks human, she is a alien. 

Confused, the car salesman said "ok, how about dinner?" The alien agreed.

The salesman waits for the young lady alien outside her house after work.

It was 8 p.m, but the agreed meetup time was supposed to be 30 minutes ago. "I guess some things are still the same even for aliens", said the salesman.

The front door knob turns and the door opens. She has appeared and she looks amazing and very gorgeous! The salesman felt satisfied, the wait was worth it.

"Let's go, shall we?" said the lady alien and then they both head to a restaurant.
